fix: gf fails on foo/bar.txt:line:column filepath (Windows) (#25236)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/vim_diff.txt

- 'hlsearch' is enabled
- 'include' defaults to "". The C ftplugin sets it to "^\\s*#\\s*include"
- 'incsearch' is enabled

> - 'isfname' does not include ':' on Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'isfname' does not include ":" on Windows. Include ":" in 'isfname' to treat it as part of a filename following the drive letter. 
```

- 'hlsearch' is enabled
- 'include' defaults to "". The C ftplugin sets it to "^\\s*#\\s*include"
- 'incsearch' is enabled
- 'isfname' does not include ":" on Windows. Include ":" in 'isfname' to treat

>   it as part of a filename following the drive letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it as part of a filename anywhere in the name (not only the drive letter).
```
